add arcusteam pack (#13823)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcusTeam/README.md

### Cortex Xsoar interfaces with ArcusTeam to help identify, analyze, and predict vulnerabilities and security risks on your connected devices. 

## What Does this pack do?
* Search for devices and their software in ArcusTeam's growing database of thoroughly inspected devices.
* Retrieve a list of known vulnerabilities and potential zero days vulnerabilities affecting the device & the software.

> Use ArcusTeam's discovery and insights to imporve your organization secuirty posture

Reviewer: Would you like to add a link to your site? Or your sales team?

Author: There is a link in line 9

### Cortex Xsoar interfaces with ArcusTeam to help identify, analyze, and predict vulnerabilities and security risks on your connected devices. 

> ## What Does this pack do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What does this pack do?
```

* Search for devices and their software in ArcusTeam's growing database of thoroughly inspected devices.
* Retrieve a list of known vulnerabilities and potential zero days vulnerabilities affecting the device & the software.

> Use ArcusTeam's discovery and insights to imporve your organization secuirty posture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ArcusTeam's discovery and insights to improve your organization security posture
```
